later they'll make a mistake just be
ready and
which means sky into its
what do you think of Iceland godo well
not much so far
where's all the ice what's the scoop
there go to the splendid city of
Reykjavik
thanks it's excellent to be here my name
is Kirsten the good Woodson and I
represent the Icelandic tourist board oh
well I'm Gordo liner I congratulate you
on being the millionth visitor to our
beautiful country to have the time of
your life as our guest
whoa I can get behind that oh wait yeah
don't we get to go to
ah just what I like an inconspicuous
entrance let's see if I can get a more
accurate fix on the shuttles location
so we have an intruder hmm someone's
triggered so cosmic-ray
data packet rustles shuffle so try to
get a fix on our position
whoever it is they are in Iceland this
cracker is now locked after their
computer takes a hydrofoil finds them
got it
the signal is coming from this small
volcanic island off the coast then let's
find a boat to his head
subject James Bond jr. item James Bond
has not been seen at war field for
exactly six hours and 11 minutes
question where the Dickens is he what
they are not so fast I've got to get
this on tape mr. Leiter and his friends
will see the sights of one of the most
northern capitals in the world I've got
you at last James Bond jr.
in the hype of our job
Oh No
you
why proceed leave all the constraints on
these things
little fish I think I'll throw you back
I think you've got a baby whale back
there that was a close call
what happened to our job he left I think
he smelled something fishy
you want me to drink it so like you're
putting me on right I am not putting you
off cod liver oil is a favorite of
Icelanders sure Gordo try it yeah this
celebrity thing is wearing a bit thin
you know he's good for the arteries you
know
the laser blasts hang on
iq we could do with a bit of fire
control
things do get hot in Iceland
I've got the proof mr. Mitchell it's all
right here in living color bond is in
Iceland
Trevor you can't be serious I'm always
serious and when mr. mill bank sees this
evidence bond is sure to get the boot
from Warfield in that case maybe I'd
better hold on to it till mr. mill banks
gets back
there's more to this than meets the eye
let's see where this takes us
are you sure we should be riding into
the Lions Den
it beats walking into one we're trapped
then again walking is better for your
health
welcome my young friend this is the end
of the line well I didn't think it was
Victoria Station James that some sort of
tractor beam yes the sky hammer
presently locked in answer Diablo
asteroid a job gives his young gentlemen
a warm Icelandic welcome and I don't
mean a smorgasbord